# TP_1_Strategy
POC Strategy TP1
Maven: Apache Maven is a software project management and comprehension tool. Based on the concept of a project object model (POM), Maven can manage a project's build, reporting and documentation from a central piece of information.
Artifact is the output of the build. It's the thing that the build creates. Simply put, if you are building a jar, it's the jar. If it's a war, it's the war.
  Artifacts are also inputs to the build. Many times, software modules depend on other. So, if module A depends on module B, module A needs module B's artifacts.
  Artifacts doesn't always have to be things used to run and build modules. It can also include sources and javadocs
Archetype build is a build that generates a a project based on a template. It is created to make builds easier.

Maven Goals:

clean: remove all files generated by the previous build

package: take the compiled code and package it in its distributable format, such as a JAR.

install: install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally.

compile: compile the source code of the project.

Maven Scopes: 

compile: This is the default scope, used if none is specified. Compile dependencies are available in all classpaths of a project. Furthermore, those dependencies are propagated to dependent projects.

provided: This is much like compile, but indicates you expect the JDK or a container to provide the dependency at runtime. For example, when building a web application for the Java Enterprise Edition, you would set the dependency on the Servlet API and related Java EE APIs to scope provided because the web container provides those classes. This scope is only available on the compilation and test classpath, and is not transitive.

runtime: This scope indicates that the dependency is not required for compilation, but is for execution. It is in the runtime and test classpaths, but not the compile classpath.

test: This scope indicates that the dependency is not required for normal use of the application, and is only available for the test compilation and execution phases. This scope is not transitive.

system: This scope is similar to provided except that you have to provide the JAR which contains it explicitly. The artifact is always available and is not looked up in a repository.
